Add support for disabling automatic runtime dependency injection (#638)
Azure/dalec: website/docs/artifacts.md

If you want some binaries stripped and others not, you will need to manually
strip them in the build phase.

## Automatic Dependency Resolution

Some package tooling, such as `rpmbuild` or `debbuild` both used in core DALEC,
will attempt to automatically resolve runtime dependencies for you based on
the artifacts you have specified.

> This can be linked libraries or even detecting you've included a shell script

Reviewer: The wording for this line a bit confusing
```suggestion
This can be linked libraries or even detecting you've included a shell script
```

Author: I'm not seeing a diff in that suggestion.

Reviewer: yeah sorry, I don't have a suggested fix but I did want to point out that is a bit confusing

Reviewer: maybe if I understand correctly
```suggestion
This can be from linking libraries or even detecting you've included a shell script
```
